Add Antora docs with the Decidim documentation format (#99)
decidim/decidim-bulletin-board: docs/modules/develop/pages/c4_container.adoc

[plantuml]
....
@startuml
!includeurl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/plantuml-stdlib/C4-PlantUML/v2.0.1/C4_Container.puml

' uncomment the following line to make proposals
'LAYOUT_AS_SKETCH()

title System Container diagram for Decidim Bulletin Board (https://decidim.org)

Person(participant_user, "Participant User", "A registered user. Could also be verified.")

> Person(trustee_user, "Trustee User", "A registered user that allows to ensure the secrecy of the vote.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Person(trustee_user, "Trustee User", "A registered user that ensures the secrecy of the vote.")
```

Person(administration_user, "Administration User", "A registered user with special permissions.")
Person_Ext(visitor_user, "Visitor User", "Anonymous, non registered user.")

Person(system_user, "System Administration User", "The system administrator responsible of registering authorities (Decidim instances).")

System_Boundary(decidim_bulletin_board_system, "Decidim Bulletin Board"){
    Container(web_api, "GraphQL API", "Ruby on Rails 6", "Provide an API that allows Decidim instances to celebrate end-to-end auditable elections providing an append-only log with cryptographic capabilities.")
    Container(tasks, "Command line tasks", "Ruby on Rails 6", "Allows to register Decidim instances as authorities.")

>     Container(worker, "Worker", "Ruby on Rails 6", "ActiveJob queues for non syncronuos jobs. Works for processing most of the received messages.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Container(worker, "Worker", "Ruby on Rails 6", "ActiveJob queues for asynchronous jobs. Works for processing most of the received messages.")
```

    ContainerDb(rel_db, "Relational Database", "PostgreSQL", "Stores clients, elections and log entries")
}

System_Boundary(verifier, "Verificator"){

>     Container(app, "Command line application", "Python", "Verify the complete messages log of an election.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Container(app, "Command line application", "Python", "Verifies the complete messages log of an election.")
```
